ext/st/README.md, before:

## STM32 device headers

This folder includes the CMSIS device headers for all STM32 devices.
The files located here are part of the `STM32Cube` libraries and can be found inside the `STM32Cube*/Drivers/CMSIS/Device/ST/STM32F*xx/Include` folder.  
The files are not modified, only copied.

Here is a list of the current *version of the device headers* (not Cube library version!):

- [CubeF0: v2.2.2, 26-June-2015](http://www.st.com/web/en/catalog/tools/PF260612)
- [CubeF1: v4.0.1, 31-July-2015](http://www.st.com/web/catalog/tools/FM147/CL1794/SC961/SS1743/LN1897/PF260820)
- [CubeF3: v1.1.0, 12-Sept-2014](http://www.st.com/web/en/catalog/tools/PF260613)
- [CubeF4: v2.4.0, 14-August-2015](http://www.st.com/web/en/catalog/tools/PF259243)
- [CubeF7: v1.0.1, 25-June-2015](http://www.st.com/web/catalog/tools/FM147/CL1794/SC961/SS1743/LN1897/PF261909)

The ST header file in this directory are available under the BSD 3-Clause License:
```
COPYRIGHT(c) 2015 STMicroelectronics

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  3. Neither the name of STMicroelectronics nor the names of its contributors
     may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
     without specific prior written permission.
*
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

Commit message:

[ext] Update STM32 device header Readme.

ext/st/README.md, after:

## STM32 device headers

This folder includes the CMSIS device headers for all STM32 devices.
The files located here are part of the `STM32Cube` libraries and can be found inside the `STM32Cube*/Drivers/CMSIS/Device/ST/STM32F*xx/Include` folder.  
The files are not modified, only copied.

Here is a list of the current Cube version, (device header version in braces) and publishing date of the device headers:

- [CubeF0 v1.6.0 (v2.3.0) @ 27-May-2016](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/products/embedded-software/mcus-embedded-software/stm32-embedded-software/stm32cube-embedded-software/stm32cubef0.html)
- [CubeF1 v1.4.0 (v4.1.0) @ 29-April-2016](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/products/embedded-software/mcus-embedded-software/stm32-embedded-software/stm32cube-embedded-software/stm32cubef1.html)
- [CubeF3 v1.5.0 (v2.3.0) @ 29-April-2015](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/products/embedded-software/mcus-embedded-software/stm32-embedded-software/stm32cube-embedded-software/stm32cubef3.html)
- [CubeF4 v1.12.0 (v2.5.0) @ 22-April-2016](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/products/embedded-software/mcus-embedded-software/stm32-embedded-software/stm32cube-embedded-software/stm32cubef4.html)
- [CubeF7 v1.4.0 (v1.1.0) @ 22-April-2016](http://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/products/embedded-software/mcus-embedded-software/stm32-embedded-software/stm32cube-embedded-software/stm32cubef7.html)

The ST header file in this directory are available under the BSD 3-Clause License:
```
COPYRIGHT(c) 2015 STMicroelectronics

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
     and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  3. Neither the name of STMicroelectronics nor the names of its contributors
     may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
     without specific prior written permission.
*
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```
